h1. txp-minimum

Minimum theme for "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com. See a "working demo here":http://minimum.yauh.de.

A huge *thank you* goes to "Amit Varia":http://amitvaria.com/, who inspired this theme as well as "Phil Wareham":http://www.philwareham.co.uk/, who added a great deal of magic touch.

Minimum enables you to publish your writings, but it does not allow you to:

* use comments
* use categories, sections, or even tags
* use article images (technically you can use images inside articles, just no article image)
* include a contact form
* hook up to social networks or have sharing buttons
* show off a massive link collection

Minimum is a theme that lets you write. It embraces "the golden ratio":http://alistapart.com/article/more-meaningful-typography. What else would you need?

h2. Installation

Getting up and running is a breeze. Minimum is guaranteed to work on Textpattern 4.5.4. All you need is grab a copy of "cxc_templates":https://github.com/perlmonkey/txp-cxc-templates, install it and copy the minimum theme folder content to your @tpl@ directory.

In order to make the most of your shiny new slide-out drawer (introduced in version 1.2) you should do the following:

# Create a new section called @about@ (the actual title may vary, just make sure _name_ is @about@)
# Create a new article with an excerpt about yourself, and publish it in the @about@ section
# You can also assign an optional article image to the about article - dimensions are 60x60 pixels. It will only be displayed in the slide-out drawer!
# Create a new link category called @social-media@
# Create as many links as you like ad assign them to the category @social-media@
# If you wish, you can also directly edit the content of the form @minimum_slider@ to suit your own needs

h2. More Information

Have a look at "minimum.yauh.de":http://minimum.yauh.de for some more information about the theme.

*PS:* Since Minimum is so limited in what it does, changing most preference settings does not have much of an effect. It is, however, suggested that you have nice URLs (/article should be just fine) and disable the comments.